what about the interface?
scrolling through an update, a panel on the right that toggles between notes, comments and off, and the date annd craetor are on a panel above the update. 
there's always an address type of thing on top left that shows you the directory you're at, also the person you're logged in as.
it's all about ideas
spend more time on these, you'll find so much new stuff.
for logging, honestly idk.

for tracking progression, there's both a meter and a tasks done to all tasks ratio. 
task assignment? adding users? argparse?
users should be defined in project, not something like github.
user id and name being saved is fine. actually just id, you can get the other stuff from that.

there's also maybe a panic mode if due date is short. a smart system that hides exra features if there's much to do still, etc. this can maybe be turned off too.
have a demo project that is a reference to how they didn't give you full mark.

how about contributions? progress? permissions?

how to get input for things like names for the project?

a lot of quick shortcuts to do things, most terminal related. a command system type of thing.
today's commit goal:
•deserializing & serializing

future commit goals:
•user interface for modifying and manouvering projects, logs, 
•a deadline and progression tracking system
•permissions, promotions and such
•cleanups, testing, bugfixing, sweeteners

todo:
the unit tests,
ui, 
ranking/promoting system, 
-> progression tracking, deadlines and task assignment, 
logging, 


each task should keep track of it's contributers, being assigned to a task and requesting the leader of the task to contribute are ways that do that.
each project has a deadline, progression bar that is determined by the leaders of tasks (each task has it's own progression bar, and there's a total progression bar too that is made of colored segments)
for this:
    tasks should have a completion field, people contributing, and a color code. 
    task history

things to do: 
    make appropriate modification to tasks (contributers and contribution type, color code (gotten from id) and bar)
    editting task interface (priority, changing state, promoting, 
    requesting to contribute method (requests the leader of a task)
    permissions to modify
    promotions
    logs & a good way to view them
    
more briefing, renoting

re-evaluation:
    task creation interface
    viewing members & member management for the leader
    making comments & notes
    permission management


commands for management

~~other notes~~
add feature, tbi and stub to pretty comments